{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Graphik-Medium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Graphik-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red69\green54\blue64;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11600\viewh14120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Service
\f1 \
\
Welcome to Legacy! We are a subscription service that provides our members with a validly drafted Will that can be changed and updated at any time, as well as the opportunity to create digital legacy\'92s for loved ones. We oer free lifetime storage of our members Wills, no matter how many\
times they change it.\
\
The owner of this App and automated Will writing and legacy creation service, including all features and functionalities, website, and user interfaces, as well as all content and software associated with our service (referred to throughout as \'91the service\'92 or \'91the App\'92) is LegalZoom Legal Services Ltd, trading as LegalZoom who are referred to throughout as \'91we\'92. LegalZoom Legal Services Ltd is regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority and holds the license number 617803.\
\
You must be 18 years of age to use the Legacy App and service.\
\

\f0 Will & Legacy storage
\f1 \
\
Your original Will document and the digital Legacy created using the app are securely stored for the future by LegalZoom. The Legacy\'92s created for your loved ones will be securely transferred to the executor(s) of your Will for distribution to their intended recipient(s) when the executor(s) comes to\
administrate your estate.\
\

\f0 Security
\f1 \
\
You, as the person who created the Legacy account and whose Payment Method is charged has access and control over the Legacy account. You should not reveal the password nor details of the Payment Method associated to the account to anyone to ensure that they maintain full control of\
their account and the details held therein (including their Will and wishes and content of any kind intended for your loved ones upon your death). You are responsible for ensuring that the information provided to LegalZoom in relation to the account remains up to date and accurate.\
\
You should always access account information by going directly to the Legacy App or website (www.legacy.co.uk) and not through a hyperlink in an email or any other electronic communication, even if it looks official. We maintain the right to terminate your account or place your account on hold\
in order to protect you, LegalZoom or our partners from identity theft or other fraudulent activity.\
\
We will send you information relating to your account (e.g. payment authorisations, invoices, changes in password or Payment Method, confirmation messages, notices) in electronic form only, for example via emails to your email address provided during registration. The only exception to this may\
be the posting of your Will via first class post in the event that you have requested post as an alternate to email distribution of this document.\
\

\f0 Membership & Refunds
\f1 \
\
Apple payment terms?\
Your Legacy membership will continue month-to-month until terminated. Unless you cancel your membership before your monthly renewal date, you authorise us to charge your next month's membership fee to your Payment. To use the Legacy service, you must have internet access and access to the Legacy App and you must provide us with a current, valid, accepted method of\
payment.\
\
Your Legacy membership may start with a free trial lasting for one calendar month, or as otherwise  specified during registration to the service. You will be notified during the registration process whether or not you are eligible for a free trial.\
\
We will bill your Payment Method for your monthly membership fee at the end of the free trial period unless you cancel your membership prior to the end of the free trial period. The monthly membership price is \'a34.99. You will not receive a notice from us that your paid membership has begun.\
\
The membership fee for our service will be billed on a monthly basis to your Payment Method on the calendar day corresponding to the commencement of your paid membership. In some cases, the timing of your billing may change, for example if your Payment Method has not successfully settled\
or if your paying membership began on a day not contained in a given month.\
\
If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not change your Payment Method or cancel your account, we may suspend your access to the service until we have obtained a valid Payment Method. You authorise us to continue billing the Payment Method, as it may be updated and you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts. This may result in a change to your payment billing dates. For certain Payment Methods, the issuer of your Payment Method may charge you a foreign transaction fee or other charges. Check with your Payment Method service provider for details.\
\
You can cancel your Legacy membership at any time, and you will continue to have access to the Legacy service through the end of your monthly billing period. We do not provide refunds or credits for any partial-month membership periods. For more information on how to cancel your membership, please visit the \'91contact us\'92 section of our website. If you cancel your membership, your account will automatically close at the end of your current billing period. If you signed up for Legacy\
using your account with a third party as a Payment Method and wish to cancel your Legacy membership at any time, including during your free trial, you may need to do so through such third party, for example by visiting your account with the applicable third party and turning o auto-renew,\
or unsubscribing from, the Legacy service through that third party. You may also ind billing information about your Legacy membership by visiting your account with the applicable third party.\
\
We may change our service plans and the price of our service from time to time; however, any price changes or changes to our service plans will apply to you no earlier than 30 days following email notice to you.\
\

\f0 Automated Will Drafting
\f1 \
\
By accepting these terms and conditions you are agreeing to all of LegalZoom\'92s Terms and\
conditions and accept liability for your actions. You also agree that we have not offered you and cannot be held liable for any of the following:\
\'95 Estate Planning advice\
\'95 Legal Advice\
\'95 Financial Advice\
\
As no Estate Planning, Legal or Financial advice has been provided when drafting your Will, it may not be effective in saving any tax. It is your responsibility to take independent advice on your tax situation and how this may change upon your death.\
\
The generation of a Will using the App does not constitute Legal Advice and as no Legal Advice has been provided when drafting your Will, we cannot accept any responsibility for the suitability of your Will or its relevancy to your particular circumstances. Wills are generated automatically by reference\
to the answers you give. It is your responsibility to seek Legal Advice. We can confirm that, on the face of it, your Will constitutes a validly drafted Will.\
\
The Will is provided on the basis that it is for your beneit and that of your beneificiaries. We do not assume liability to anyone else in relation to the provision of the Will.\
\
In order that we prepare a Will that reflects your wishes, please ensure that you provide complete answers to the questions within the App. Please ensure that the answers you provide are correct and that they are spelt correctly as this is the information on which your Will is automatically created.\
\
If you provide incorrect information while using the App, it is possible that your Will may not accurately reflect your wishes; or in extreme cases, it is possible that your Will may not take effect. If the information you have provided is incorrect, LegalZoom cannot accept responsibility for the\
effects entering incorrect information may have.\
\
Your Will can be amended at any time and a new Will document will be produced by us and sent to you for signing and witnessing. You are responsible for retuning the most recent copy of your Will which has been signed and witnessed (known as your Original Will) to us for secure storage. Upon\
receipt of your latest Original Will, any previous copies of your Will will be confidentially destroyed and your new Will securely stored in its place.\
\
All Wills are provided with guidance notes for signing and witnessing. If you do not follow the guidance notes this may effect the validity of your Will. If you do not have a valid Will, your wishes may be carried out in a way that is different than you had intended. This could include distribution of your assets in a way different to that specified in your Will. If you do not follow the guidance notes as to signing and witnessing the Will, then we cannot accept responsibility for the effect of incorrect signatures and witnessing.\
\
By agreeing to these terms and conditions you are confirming that you are not creating a Will or Legacy on behalf of any other person.\
\
By agreeing to these terms and conditions you are confirming that you are acting of your own free will, are not blind and are not subject to any coercion or any undue influence.\
\
By agreeing to these terms and conditions you are confirming that you have sufficient testamentary capacity to understand that you are making a Will and this is with the intention of binding your executors (and Guardians if applicable)?\
\
You do not have to appoint a solicitor or other professional executor. You can appoint a lay person as an executor in which case such a person may choose to engage the services of a professional such as a solicitor to assist with the administration of the estate.\
\
If you appoint Beaumont Legal as your executor we will charge an hourly fee for administering the estate in line with our charge out rates at the time at which the appointment becomes effective. The\
current hourly charging rate for this type of work is \'a3225 per hour plus VAT.\
\
Typically, for a straightforward modest estate we estimate that between 7 and 15 hours\'92 work would be needed for us to administer the estate. We do not charge any additional percentage in dealing with the estate, nor do we charge any additional fees over and above our normal legal fees for acting\
as executors.\
\
Your Original Will document and the digital Legacy created using the App are securely stored for the future by LegalZoom. The Legacy\'92s created for your loved ones will be securely transferred to the executor(s) of your Will for distribution to their intended recipient(s) when the executor(s) comes to\
administrate your estate.\
\
In order for us to provide you with legal services, you will need to provide us with information about yourself. Although the information you provide is used primarily for the provision of legal services, it is also used by us to enable us to provide some other services which support the legal services (such as administration, invoicing, customer records, etc.) We can also collect or receive information about you from third parties.\
\
How we use this information depends on 3 factors:\
\'95 The instructions you provide to us;\
\'95 The requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998; and\
\'95 The obligation of confidentiality we owe to you.\
\
You have the right to access any personal data we hold on you. Further details on how to do this can be found on the Information Commissioner\'92s Website.\
\

\f0 Complaints
\f1 \
\
Whilst we do everything possible to ensure the highest level of service we may not always get it 100% right. If you are unhappy with the service you receive there is a written complaints procedure available to you upon request. Any complaints should be directed to Craig Holt, LegalZoom Legal Services Ltd, Pera Business Park, Nottingham Road, Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire, LE13 0PB.\
\

\f0 Customer support
\f1 \
\
To find more information about our service and its features or if you need assistance with your account, please visit the Legacy \'91Contact Us\'92 section of our website.\
\

\f0 Governing Law
\f1 \
\
Wills provided by us are prepared in accordance with the laws of England and Wales are are unlikely to forfill your wishes if the Will is governed by the laws of another country.\
\
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. These terms will not limit any consumer protection rights that you may be entitled to under the mandatory laws of your country of residence.\
\
If any provision or provisions of these Terms and Conditions shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.}